{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15420\viewh12920\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Yesterday\

\b0 \
-Review the Ad Unit requirements I received from Phil and gave some expectations. Today we have to search for a plugin we can use or decide if we are going to do custom development.  \
-Sent out  response to a Holiday Readiness email for Communities.\
-Followed up with Sean/Hamid on the creation of acceptance tests/technical tasks that needed to be setup for backend Polls stories so they can be better estimated. \
-Chatted with Client on both tagging requirements, as well as email address requirements for Polls\
-Worked with Sebastian on updating page titles on the Sears/Kmart Communities home pages.\
-Responsys meeting at 11 a.m. (moved to 10/29 at 2 p.m)\
\

\b Today\

\b0 Work with Sebastian to get the requests in to lower the TTL for the MySears/MyKmart domains to new ViewPoints AWS IP,
\b \

\b0 Work with Tim and Carl on creative for Polls and start going over front end development and story creation. \
Figure out Ad Requirement route, as 90% of what they are looking for is custom development that definitely won't be ready in time for 11/07.\
1:00 p.m. Email Enhancements\
2:00 p.m. Responsys meeting\
3:00 p.m. Omniture tagging meeting\
4:00 p.m. Meeting with Phil before he goes on vacation.
\fs22 \
\

\b Brendan 
\b0 - Tailgating App - Meeting with Middleware/Security today - Work on UX feature comparison from original PRD to what we have now in preparation for Garden / Gear estimate.\
\

\b Dan
\b0  - Finished updating cron updater and push it to production. Code review with Brendan on mail functionality. Meet the Team Jira. Estimation and solutioning for Polls. \
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - Review Ads PRD. Add backend Polls stories and tasks. Worked with Phil, Frank, and Nivi. Today ODL meeting at 11 a.m. Some testing. \
\

\b Sebastian
\b0  - Facebook App\
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Regression testing for search results. Chatted with Carl on solutioning. Worked with Kristin on some bug creation. Met with Frank and Nivi regarding Polls. Went through acceptance tests for backend Polls stories. Finish that and also start global components testing.\
\

\b Carl
\b0  - Worked with Sean and Phil on AddThis topics. Fixed ranks. Today go through more liras and front end user stories. \
\

\b Eddie
\b0  - Worked on Polls plugin. Did some solutioning and worked on estimation. Go through email requirements for Polls. Go through new Ad requirements. Shafeeg to re-send. \
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Regression testing, bug creation and testing. \
\

\b Tim
\b0  - FB App, SHC JSL, Polls\
\

\b Jason
\b0  - SHC products plugin issues and resolved the issues. Today work on integrating. }