{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Shafeeg - Create production push process. \
\
Hamid - Friday - helped Sean with regression testing. Working with Frank with each badge is supposed to do. Finish loading stuff into Jira. \
\
Carl - Mostly bug closing. Paired with Jason to fix P1. Over the weekend, did work and spotted CSS error. \
\
Tim - Moved. Working on screen name issue. To work with Dan. Dan worked on functionality to hook in AJAX call. Helping Sebastian with Tooltip stuff this morning. To talk with Eddie on paginating infinite scroll. \
\
Jason - Friday = Summary list - Finished up all P1's and P2's. Passed over User Photo issue to Dan. Helped Carl with one of his P1's. \
\
Dan - Friday implemented User Photo fix. (Multisite). Today to work with Tim on screen name stuff on comments/Replies. Geo-coding info\
\
Sebastian - Flagging stuff. Validation. Fix positioning. \
\
Sean - Getting Jiras created. Worked with Eddie and Jason on Experts list page. Did some solutioning. Results list has to filter by anyone who has an expert role, and then by category. Going through Jiras. \
\
Brendan - Sent a note out on Friday on "Geocoding". Need to contact Todd regarding Cstat. Figure out how to grab that data. Meeting tomorrow from Jillian in responses. Connect with Frank Nowak about SYW apps.\
\
Eddie - Worked on Javascript stuff and worked on some sorting stuff. \
\
\
}