{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 dan =- re-assign content for users > talk about when we want to run cleanup on production | get list for backend LDAP users that need to be setup with production backend access\
\
sean - opened a few new bugs after regression | met with shafeeg and hamid in regards requirements | \
\
hamid - more regression | meeting on phase 2 | another meeting today with dan and shafeeg with users | meet the community count is wrong | \
\
sebastian - setup bar able for kristin | worked on fixing bugs \
\
tim - Facebook app meeting | continued working on javascript re-architecture | start coding on that today | \
\
carl - made improvement for ui helper gem (font sizes) | working on add this bug for INT/QA | working on proposal work on kmart ribbon firewall alarm\
\
kristin - working on posts and will do so again today\
\
eddie - meet the team caching | requirements meeting | continue to work on that today. discuss omniture.\
\
jason - worked on meet the team bug | author links on post content | talked with patton on db queries for meet the team. | worked on birthday club >  }