{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Today\

\b0 \
-Review the Ad Unit requirements I received from Phil and gave some expectations. Today we have to search for a plugin we can use or decide if we are going to do custom development.  \
-Confirmed creative for polls and reviewed that with the guys. We need to also go over the front end work required for Polls. I might need Tim and Carl sometime today to go through it. \
-Work on gathering information for Holiday Readiness Email. I need Brendan to send me the attachment that was in the email on the format of the answers. \
-Follow up with Eddie on some backend research on Polls so that we can modify and estimate stories. \
-Email address requirements from Phil / Frank for Polls\
-Follow up with Sebastian on whether we can update the page titles on the Sears/Kmart Communities home pages.\
-Responsys meeting at 11 a.m. (moved to 10/29 at 2 p.m)\
-4 p.m. Tag Requirements Consultation with Client\
\

\b Dan
\b0  - SHC product update on plugin. Follow up with Patton for log permissions. Today- Jira work / Polls\
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - Created Polls stories. Friday - bugs \
\

\b Brendan - 
\b0 Revised Garden Club estimate
\b .
\b0  Find out requirements for it. Get hours approved for Ratings and Reviews. Setup a meeting with Judy, First App is in client review. Today - New App that we need to launch. \
\

\b Sebastian
\b0  - Worked on the Apps on Friday, and through the weekend. Work with Shafeeg to update Page Titles.\
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Regression testing for Share, bug creation, today continue regression testing, and Polls review.\
\

\b Carl
\b0  - Had meeting with people for header/footer. Discussed long term concepts for header/footer. Talk to Sean about some of the Sharing bugs reported by Sean. Work with Jason and Tim about AddThis functionality and bugs. \
\

\b Eddie
\b0  - Worked with Shafeeg on both Polls and Ad Requirements. Looked through plugin to use, or whether we should do custom. 90% of work is custom.\
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Regression testing with Sean and filter functionality. \
\

\b Tim
\b0  - Worked on JSL architecture. Continue working on JSL.\
\

\b Jason
\b0  - Worked on product plugin to work on production issues for Birthday Club. The site was never actually down, however the product data was missing. }