{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg -\
Went through Answer Network wireframes with Eddie, Hamid, and Sean\
Weekly Garden Shop Internal Touchbase with Client/Account Manager\
Went through Garden Shop composition and broke down work (whats we need, and remaining questions). \
Met with Lisa and Harrison on Garden Shop wires\
Chatted with Phil on upcoming projects (Answer Network, Ratings & Reviews, and Garden Shop)\
11:30 Meeting with Casey/Phil\
1:00 Wireframe Review for Garden Shop\
2:00 Reviews in Communities Wireframe review\
Follow up with any outstanding maintenance items.\
\
Hamid - \
Met with Carl on Global Nav (Broke down tasks)\
Worked with Ryan on Sears \
Reyaz provided the product taxonomy file \
\
Jason - \
FA Lite Plugin\
\
Dan - \
Created new table on UXDEV/UXINT\
Ran data migration script\
Opened Jira for tables to be created with Richard Byrd\
Work with Sean on bug fixes\
Work on SSO Enhancement testing \
\
Carl -\
Met with Lisa from UX for Garden Shop Compositions\
Pushed AddThis to production\
Updated Configs for Sears/Kmart\
Header/Footer navigation (to meet with Hamid)\
Meet with Jonathan Meekes on SPIN on converting XML to Ruby objects\
\
Sean - \
Created/assigned new bugs\
Met with Eddie, Shafeeg, Hamid on Answer Network wires\
Garden Shop Composition Review\
Meeting with Lisa and Harrison for Garden Shop wires (Video)\
FA Lite Slider discussion with Jason\
\
Tim - \
Met with LIsa from UX for Garden Shop Composition changes\
SHC JSL Form Validation\
Review on Garden Shop Comps\
\
Eddie\
Late/Out\
\
\
\
\
}