{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg -\
\
Yesterday - \
Follow up on Maintenance Items\
Started working on weekly client report\
Have an 11-12 for some Kmart rebranding meeting\
Had a 2:30 Wireframe meeting for L+G (removing descaled work for 02/26)\
Reviewed and revised the  release process documentation created by Sean\
Had an exact target meeting to fill out account configuration documentation\
Minor updates to DevHistory table\
\
Today:\
Work on maintenance push with Sean\
Start the process and do QA testing\
Check out updated wires for approval today\
\
Brendan - \
Kmart rebranding/ L+G/ BloomIQ\
Director's Meeting / One-on-One w/ DiPirro\
DevHistory Table\
Project Pipeline meeting with Roy\
Meet with guys for product plugin\
\
Hamid WFH - \
Product plugin JAD session with Eddie/Dan\
L+G Wireframe Review\
Document cleanup in Sparkleshare\
Create more stories\
Create new bugs\
\
Jason - \
Looking into different weather APIs\
Sent out email with options\
Documented in Mingle (by Hamid)\
Worked with Tim on FA lite (SHC JSL)\
L+G Wireframe Review\
\
Dan - \
Contacted Patton for migration script for tables on QA/Prod\
Jira down (attempted to create Jiras for request)\
Finished estimation for SHC products plugin after breaking up tasks\
Needs to be reviewed by Shafeeg/Brendan in Google Docs\
JAD on storing product information with taxonomies \
\
Carl -\
Meeting with Nicole, Harrison, and Lisa\
Adjustments need to made by UX for approval today\
Discussions about subnavigation widget\
Pushed CSS split into QA (push to production today)\
Looked into user authentication schema for Rails (work on that today)\
Converted CSV into spreadsheet from Reyaz for taxonomies \
\
Sean - \
Moved new CSS up to QA\
QA regression with no major issues\
Push to Production early today\
Catch up with any pending tags\
Came up with new process on pushing things up to prod\
Worked on Smoke Test full and short versions\
Log new bugs / Jira down\
\
Tim -\
Validation, pattern checker, and screen name checker moved over\
Worked with Jason on slider that we may use instead of FA Lite\
Meeting with Nicole for Garden Shop descoping\
\
Eddie - \
Pushed out new version of DB\
Meeting with Garden Club\
Re-estimated products plugin\
Search for dependencies and break out tasks further\
3.5 upgrade testing\
\
Sebastian -\
Documentation\
Work with Dan Forth\
Setup Jiras for Patton\
\
}