{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10580\viewh11100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Jason:
\b0 \
\
Yesterday \
-Started working again on the FA Lite plugin changes I was working on last week, allowing us to make sliders without having to go through the trouble of setting up pages for each slide.\
\
Today -\
-Will continue working on the slider plugin.\
\

\b Hamid:\

\b0 \
Yesterday:\
- Phil filed a Jira ticket about a broken profanity filter, did some troubleshooting and found out that it wasn't broken and that the word which wasn't captured in the filter 'assholes' was missing in Kmart community, so added the word and closed the ticket\
- Meeting with Eloqua for email notifications\
- Meeting about Garden Shop delivery date and 'requirement gathering'\
\
Today:\
-Start reading on the SOW for Garden shop\
-And Also the latest email notification wires and jot any questions that i may have down before i meet with Phil tomorrow.\'a0\
-Create a story for media categories\
-Tim if you could send me the breakdown of SHC-JSL, ill get started on that as well.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\b \cf0 Branden: 
\b0 \
-Discovery for Gardenshop.  Phil said he\'92d write requirements for us.  Jim Mcnally is the new UX for Garden Shop.\
-Met with ratings and Reviews.  \
-Today, meeting with Carl and Seb for gardenshop.  \
-Meeting with Gear, with Eddie.  \
-Interview at 1 with new candidates.\
\

\b Dan:
\b0  \
-Working on the cron job on why it\'92s not pulling in drafts.  Working with it locally, still trying to solution.  \
-Also looking at the SSO plugin and working on a deployment strategy.  Going to require a script that will migrate data to user meta table.  Going over requirements with Judy if user changes password on other site that it stays in Sync.\
\

\b Eddie: 
\b0  \
-Lots of meeting. \
-3.5 core development . Multi site stuff today.  \
-How we\'92re going to build products, plugins.  \
-Ratings and Review stuff\
-Interviews.\
\

\b Tim: \
-
\b0 Phone interviews.  \
-Breaking down Jira\'92s.  \
-Interview at 1:  \
-More work JSL stuff.  \
\

\b Carl:
\b0  \
-Worked from home, refactoring mongo database that took a ton of time.  \
Addthis stuff.  \
-Talk with Jonathon meeks about spin job?  Replace hierarchy for navigation\
\

\b Seabass: \
-
\b0 Did documentation for Brendan:  \
-Reporting bug for Eddie.  \
\

\b -Sean:
\b0  \
Worked on Tooltip issues with Seabass, pushed a few up that didn\'92t work, likely bringing in Eddie.  \
-Re prioritized old bugs, especially issues with content areas.  \
-Talking with Carl about Addthis plugin and hopefully pushing up today.  \
-Meeting with new UX and designer at 1: to explain communities vs. wires. 
\f1 \
}