{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Jason: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 -Fa Lite plugin, get something stable by thursday.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Hamid:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 -Worked on communities weekly report, talked to Phil and he said that we won't have one this week because CaseyG is out.\
-Talked with Frank to get me the copy for Sr.Blogger role and should have that by today. if i get that by today i will work on that.\
-Talked with Nivi about the Subcat pages, they want to change a few things so delegated the work to them and ill help out as needed\
-Got the message out for links opening in new tab\
-Today, i got to check up on Subcats farm links if they show up on the main navigation\
-Talk with Mr. Tim to breakdown the SHC-JSL\
-Documentation on communities configuration \
-User story for 3.5 media category\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Brendan:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 - Talked to Eddie, Sean and Hamid about Garden Shop and RNR\
- Work on header and footer story breakdown\
- Talk to Jim McNally today about who our designers are for Comm and also to deliver work to us in PSD (team will slice it)
\b \
\
Sebastian:\

\b0 -Took care of a few Jira tickets\
-Meeting with Patton about server requests\
-Worked on setting up uxint for Wp3.5 \
-Today work on documentation for Brendan\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Sean:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 -Meeting with Brendan, Eddie and Hamid talked about getting new servers\
-Full regression testing on all our open bugs\
-Reviewed R&R and Comm email wires\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Carl:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 -Meeting with Patton on setting an environment for header and footer \
-Spent sometime with Eddie resolving Addthis(it was a settings config issues), need to test it today\
-Validated that header and footer to work on Comm\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
Tim:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 -Orientation \
-Continue working on the SHC-JSL
\b \
\
Eddie:\

\b0 Testing media categories, its only working till 3.3 so figuring out how to work it with older versions. will release that today.\
-Start work on SHC-Products plugin once I'm done with media categories
\b \
\
Dan:\

\b0 -Finished refactoring SSO, and began testing. Will do another run of testing today and push it out to Uxint\
-Test out the cron job on QA today\
}