{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red23\green23\blue23;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dan:\
Yesterday: Mingle 233 & 235 - Products Plugin updater (cron)\
Today: Finish Mingle 233 & 235\
\
Eddie:\
GSC Header\
\
Tim:\
Meeting with Niccole GSC Phase II [M. 218], Tools [N/A], and 4D process.  \
Header/Footer meeting with official project plan [M. 220], \
R&R Wireframe Revision meeting Eddie, Shafeeg, Phil, Lisa, Harrison [M. 225]\
ODL Discovery\
Omniture meeting\
\
Carl:\
Yesterday: \
M303 - created page titles for garden shop\
Worked w/ Jason & Eddie to set up garden shop env locally\
Began work on M205\
Refactored a bit of scss code to better consolidate colors; removed global declarations that are really kmart-/sears-specific\
Met w/ Jim McNally to discuss getting UXAs on Header-Footer\
Today:\
Finish work on M205\
Meet with Robert Finder and John Patton about navigation URLs and Akamai caching\
\
Sebastian:\
Yesterday: Officially closed out ESOC-67244, continued working on 4dfy, working to get marketplace finalized. \
Today: more 4dfy, getting info for marketplace.\
\
Matt: \
Adding linking capabilities to image widget\
today Dan looking for work\
\
Sean:\
-successful deploy yesterday but we had some issues on prod with either server or the troy data center. random 404s. pretty sure its not our code\
-new image widget working great\
\
Hamid:\
-removed user from wp admin as requested by frank/phil\
-Worked on stories for 4Dfy\
-Client requested removal of comm mgr badger\
-today more stories for 4Dfy and RNR (work with shafeeg and sean)\
\
Shafeeg:\
-Yesterday, continued working on weekly client report\
-Followed up with Sebastian about final A record change for www.mysears.com\
-Reviewed RNR wires with Harrison, Lisa, Tim, and Eddie\
-Today, Finish up weekly client report\
-Meeting for Omniture today (prepare an agenda with a list of questions)\
-Lookout for finalized R&R wires\
-Checkup on progress for GSC\
-Work with Phil on trying to setup Responsys demo (schedule push to INT)\
-Dev history tables\
\
Jason:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl383

\f1\fs22\fsmilli11264 \cf2 Yesterday: Worked on the weather widget since eddie was picking up the header stuff for garden solutions (see the tag room). \'a0Today: working with the header stuff and weather widget
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\fs28 \cf0 \
\
}