{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg\
Yesterday\
 -10:00 am meeting with Brendan, Eddie, and Tim\
 -Cleaned out conference rooms\
 -Finished weekly client report\
 -Chatted with Pavan/Tim on JS implementation and HTML for R&R - Recent Product Reviews\
 -2:00 client meeting (w/Phil)\
Today\
 -PHP pipeline meeting\
 -Gathered some initial feedback on Community improvement suggestions (with Sean/Hamid)\
 -Follow up on GSC QA progress (with Sean/Hamid)\
-1:00 Omniture meeting \
-2:30 ODL Review\
-Worked with Dan on getting R&R Taxonomy API available for WCS team \
-Followed up on security plain text issue push. We didn't push to prod.  \
-General implementation discussion with Brendan, Eddie, and Tim\
-Reviewed Resumes for Richard Harkrider and Zach Weiss (less qualified)\
-Sent out Omniture meeting notes\
\
\
Dan\
Investigating and changing SSO from GET to POST (will push today)\
Need to work with Shafeeg on getting CHNG request\
Back working on products plugin\
Must tag a lot of content for WCS QA testing\
\
Eddie\
Planning meeting with Tim, Eddie, and Shafeeg\
Node for Products\
Need metadata for catgroupIDs\
Omniture meeting\
\
Tim\
Meeting with Brendan, Eddie, Shafeeg\
More GSC bug work to go to QA\
ODL meeting with Niccole\
Meeting with Lisa for followup\
Talked with Pavan with Cross domain scripting\
Omn meeting at 1\
\
Carl\
Met with PDP people\
Follow up Header/Footer meeting with UX\
redesign work with LIsa/Marlin\
put in request for Git repo on Chronometer\
header footer meeting at 11\
4d stuff\
Double-check URL back from BloomIQ to Communities\
\
Sebastian\
4D work\
Bug fixes\
\
Matt\
Work on taxonomy\
\
Sean\
Did more testing on GSC on uxint\
Found 1 new issue, and a styling issue - PHP-645\
Closed 75% of GSC bugs\
Community Menu Widget bugs\
Dates/Cats (names too long on Category)\
More testing and push to QA\
\
Jason:\
Assisted TIm on GrassKnoll (GSC) - complete\
Finished backend for Weather Widget / waiting for FE\
Review for ODL plugin\
Meeting with Brendan\
\
Hamid:\
Meeting with Gear Tyler (Fitstudio)\
Articles creation on QA\
GSC testing\
\
Brendan: \
Planning meeting with Shafeeg, TIm, and Eddie\
More follow up on that today\
4d review of the 4dfy\
Hire new resources\
pipeline release review with Roy\
Dev Ops procurement meeting (for middleware resource)\
Third-party header meeting at 11\
Lookbook meeting with AcctMgr (w/Jason)\
\
\
}