{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dan\
Finishing Mingle-207 \
Working on JS/CSS components of products plugin\
Taxonomy meeting\
Integrate with Eddie\
Move onto product updater\
\
Eddie\
Taxonomy (WP_Node | product store/update)\
Bash submodule work\
Finish up products\
\
Tim\
4D training for Tools\
Themes\
\
Carl - \
Taxonomy meeting\
Solved Mongo db issue with JS\
Update process documentation (4D)\
Send email to Brendan on outstanding pieces for Header/Footer (Chronometer)\
\
Sebastian -\
4Dfy - (continue today)\
Track down final steps for Akamai redirects\
Meeting with Igor (CTO)\
Marketplace business\
Mingle 256, 257, 263\
\
Sean\
Opened bug for PHP-634 (flagger bug)\
Tested new image widget fix\
Worked with Hamid on redoing all wires and copy\
\
Shafeeg\
Figuring out Viewpoints/Akamai redirection meeting\
R&R Wireframes Updates with Harrison\
Taxonomy meeting with Dan, Eddie, and Carl\
Meeting with Phil on priority list\
_\
Start weekly client report\
Follow up on Omniture with Meenakshi\
Setup meeting to have other teams start dev on Kmart Taxonomy API Service\
Work with Hamid/Sean on setting up Ratings and Reviews stories\
Follow up on getting Matt setup\
Update HistoryTables (We have taxonomy service to use from product API)\
\
Jason\
Worked on PHP-595\
Finished location\
Need to style (continue working on that)\
Working on caching the plugin\
\
Hamid\
Worked with Sean on Communities widgets (wireframes/copy)\
\
Brendan \
Meeting with account management on ODL \
Owe them two estimates for regular blog, and one to setup on Comm\
Meeting with Igor (CTO)\
Follow up with WestAll (Gear)\
Chat with Christian on Marketplace on expectations\
Working on finance stuff\
4dfy requirements\
\
}