{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
(855) 849-6979\
\
Shafeeg\
\
Yesterday
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 Added everyone to Worklenz: 18810\
-Continued working on weekly client report
\b \

\b0 -Followed up with Sean/Hamid on GSC push to QA. We passed off URL to client.\
-Met with Eddie, Tim, and Hamid on Recent Product Reviews and setup stories\
-ExpoTV integration discussion with John Courtney\
-Setup a meeting for Friday for Omniture Requirements Review\
-Weekly Client Prioritization meeting\
-Started gathering video requirements\
\
Today
\b \

\b0 -4D Meeting at 10:00 \
-Potential 11:00 am
\b \

\b0 -Continue following up on GSC QA\
-Meeting with Phil on documenting business reqs for Omniture (send that off)\
-Finish weekly client report\
-Send out report and release notes\
-Setup iterations in Worklenz (Add Roy to Weekly Client Report) - (1 hour)\
\'a0 \'a0 Under Tools > Releases > Release Date in WorkLenz (for GSC and R&R)\
       Let Roy know the dates so that he can add the releases so that it can populate in the drop down\
-Responded back to Jillian J and Franklin about site map and robots.txt (re-review their response)\
-Follow up with Pavan on dates we can provide HTML for Recent Reviews widget\
-Start compiling the pain points for Communities (engineering standpoint)\
-Dev history tables\
\
-Follow up with wires on weather widget
\f0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Dan\
Recent Activities bug fix\
Products widget\
Worked with Sebastian on Kmart Fashion blog\
\
Eddie\
Ratings and Reviews task breakdown for Recent Product Reviews\
Cookie cutter implementation discussion with Jason\
Investigated permalinks problem with PHP-651\
Meet the Team Widget Cache Buster\
\
Tim - OOO\
\
Carl\
Met with Corey Baker on Ruby resources\
Interviews\
Conversation with Robert Finder on Chronometer on slug nomenclature\
On call for GSC work\
Check in with design\
\
Sebastian\
Worked with Dan on Kmart fashion plug\
4dfy \
Server administration\
Jira from Patton on Content spoofing\
\
Matt\
Fixed issues with image widget\
Finished up taxonomy work\
\
Sean\
Image widget link bug\
Multiple image widgets on section - PHP-653\
Recent Activities Widget fix\
Pushed up to prod\
Found an issue with 4dfy homepage QA\
Community menu widget bolding\
\
Jason\
Need WP Weather widget\
\
Hamid\
Ratings and Reviews task breakdown\
Update stories in Mingle\
Tested on GSC on QA and found a few bugs\
Tested 4dfy application and reported bugs\
\
Brendan\
Resource meeting for Marketplace\
Chatted with Corey on Ruby resources and Cookmore\
Check up on laptops\
Self assessment\
Meeting with Casey on Cookie Cutter Acct Management\
\
\
\
}