{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg\
\
Yesterday
\f1 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 -4D Meeting at 10:00 
\b \

\b0 -Continue following up on GSC QA\
-Meeting with Phil on documenting business reqs for Omniture (send that off)\
-Finish weekly client report\
-Send out report and release notes\
-Filled out Exact Target discovery document | SilverPop to get estimates\
-Work out issues with the site map XML. Need to talk to Sebastian to get it updated as a cron on all of the boxes.\
\
Today\
-Cookie cutter discussion\
-Follow up on video requirements
\b \

\b0 -Look at Qualtrics registration page errors\
-Fill out Omniture requirements documentation\
-Get schema data for ET\
-Follow up on GSC progress with Tim/Sean/Hamid\
\
-Setup iterations in Worklenz (Add Roy to Weekly Client Report) - (1 hour)\
\'a0 \'a0 Under Tools > Releases > Release Date in WorkLenz (for GSC and R&R)\
       Let Roy know the dates so that he can add the releases so that it can populate in the drop down\
-Responded back to Jillian J and Franklin about site map and robots.txt (re-review their response)\
-Follow up with Pavan on dates we can provide HTML for Recent Reviews widget\
-Start compiling the pain points for Communities (engineering standpoint)\
-Dev history tables\

\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Dan\
Worked on fix for login page security vulnerability (pushed to INT)\
Work on cron troubleshooting | figured it out, but requires code change/push\
\
Eddie\
Started working on Meet the Team (Cache buster)\
WP_node\
Simplification of widgets\
Permalink issues\
404 errors\
\
Tim - WFH\
Work his GSC  \
\
Carl\
Worked with Lisa/Marlon with responsive versions of header/footer\
Chat with Brendan/Shafeeg on issues brought up by team\
Solutioning with Eddie, Jason, and Dan on Chronometer architecture problem\
Work on that today, tomorrow (and consult with Jonathan Meekes)\
\
Sebastian\
4dfy links to projects\
\
Matt\
Work with Eddie on new projects\
\
Sean\
Regression testing on resolved bugs on QA on Prod\
Closed 647, 652\
Deferring other tickets\
Moved up Dan's security login / verified\
More regression / Deployment\
\
Jason\
Worked on cookie cutter (background image / parent categories)\
Set background page through an admin tools\
\
Hamid\
Updated R&R stories\
Sears/Kmart 404 errors\
Photo Captioning\
\
Brendan\
4dfy\
Met with Casey/McNally cookie cutter\
Marlon put together taxonomy structure (for redesign)\
Give a list of items on def cookie cutter\
\
\
\
\
\
}