{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Yesterday
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 -General check on Garden Solutions project health\
-Started weekly client report\
-Worked with Sebas on setting up CHNG Request for security issue\
-Video widget discussion for L&G\
-Community Gamification Brainstorm\
-Communities Homepage redesign (turned out to be a general comm improvement meeting)\
\

\b Today\

\b0 -Check on GSC push to QA so the client can start testing\
-Start compiling the pain points for Communities (engineering standpoint)\
-Compile Community Suggestions list from Hamid/Sean > send to Phil/Casey - (5 min)\
\'a0-Setup iterations in Worklenz (Add Roy to Weekly Client Report) - (1 hour)\
\'a0 \'a0 Under Tools > Releases > Release Date in WorkLenz (for GSC and R&R)\
       Let Roy know the dates so that he can add the releases so that it can populate in the drop down\
\'a0-Responded back to Jillian J and Franklin about site map and robots.txt (re-review their response) (30 min)\
\'a0-Meet with Eddie and Hamid on Recent Product Reviews and setup stories (1 hour)\
\'a0-Follow up with Pavan on dates we can provide HTML for Recent Reviews widget (20 min)\
Add everyone to Worklenz: 18810\
\'a0-Dev history tables (30 min)
\f0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Dan\
Products plugin\
Footer issues with Recent Activity\
Move back to products\
Testing SSO\
\
Eddie\
Videos in Comm meeting\
Taxonomy discussion with Carl/Finder\
Homepage redesign\
PHP-647 Recent Activities\
Meet the Team (Cache Buster)\
PHP-404 Meet the Team\
\
Tim\
QA Garden Solutions Center followup\
Follow up on tag push\
Couple of issues\
Meeting on videos on GSC\
Meeting on Comm Homepage\
Push up GSC \
Interviews\
\
Carl\
Taxonomy brain dump from Friday's meeting with Client\
Pulled Robert Finder into meeting\
Add slugs to individual menu items for class automation in Javascript\
Need to work with Tim to finish this off\
More Chronometer (Meeting with Brendan and Corey Baker)\
Interviews\
\
Sebastian\
Did release for 4dfy\
Looked at Kmart fashion product cron\
Will work with Patton to investigation\
Got SSO approved\
Investigate permalink structure on Sears \
\
Matt\
Working on taxonomy widget\
Learning how to integrate templates\
\
Sean\
Removed several widgets for QA (meet the team and recent activity)\
Bug for slider (image within slider is falling outside of the border styling)\
Replaced images UX/QA/Prod - Content update\
Meeting with UX on new wireframes\
Finished building out prod for GSC\
Check on Comm menu widget bold styling\
Push up tags later today\
\
Jason\
Setup new environment for submodule segmentation\
Work on background category-awareness\
\
Hamid\
Meeting with Comm editors (went over GSC publishing Guides/Blogs)\
Setup new editor for ODL\
Sent out Comm numbers\
Product cron for Kmart fashion\
Final touches for GSC\
\
Brendan\
Brainstorming meetings\
HR meetings\
Order Laptops\
Interviews\
Resource planning\
\
}