{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Shafeeg\
\

\b Yesterday
\b0 \
Started creating change request for security plain text issue\
12-2 meeting with brendan\
3 tools meeting\
4 taxonomy meeting with Dan/Eddie/Clint\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1 \cf0 Checking on GSC\
\

\b Today
\b0 \
Add everyone to Worklenz: 18810\
Create change request for security plain text issue and submit for approval\
10:30 Meeting with Casey and Phil on updating community homepage\
11:00 Discuss video on L&G homepage\
3:00 Community Brainstorm for Gamificaiton\
-Setup change request for security issue on plain text (create user story and tie it to Jira) / schedule deployment to PROD (30 min)\
\'a0-Dan (make a separate hot fix tag for those changes on security plain text issue) and push to prod (N/A)\
-Compile Community Suggestions list from Hamid/Sean > send to Phil/Casey - (5 min)\
\'a0-Setup iterations in Worklenz (Add Roy to Weekly Client Report) - (1 hour)\
\'a0 \'a0 Under Tools > Releases > Release Date in WorkLenz (for GSC and R&R)\
       Let Roy know the dates so that he can add the releases so that it can populate in the drop down\
\'a0-Responded back to Jillian J and Franklin about site map and robots.txt (re-review their response) (30 min)\
\'a0-Meet with Eddie and Hamid on Recent Product Reviews and setup stories (1 hour)\
\'a0-Follow up with Pavan on dates we can provide HTML for Recent Reviews widget (20 min)\
\'a0-Dev history tables (30 min)\

\f0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 Dan\
Fixed registration page bug \
Worked on reviewing docs for taxonomy docs\
Today more products for R&R and custom post types\
Extensive testing\
Reviews API tracking talk to Shafeeg on setup bug\
\
Eddie\
Taxonomy meeting\
Team structure planned discussion\
Tools meeting\
PHP-647 \
Homepage redesign meeting\
PHP-404 Meet the Team\
\
Tim\
Meeting with Niccole on ODL tools\
Met with Phil on Recent activities\
Met with Hamid on related products\
Meeting to go over videos with Eddie\
Make sure QA up to date\
\
Carl\
Worked on getting content from Sears header into Chronometer\
Worked on strategies on exporting content for other environments\
Sluggify names for menu items for classifications\
Send out new HTML for BloomIQ\
\
Sebastian\
4dfy project \
Documented discoveries over weekend\
Contributions next \
Deployment\
\
Matt\
Continuing working on taxonomy widget\
Media categorization\
Go over that with Eddie today (template)\
\
Sean\
pushed to QA and title header padding issues are now working\
Recent activity still broke\
Tested 4dfy issue and reported bugs for sorting options\
Found bug on QA on registration modal redirects to login page\
Started building out GSC in production\
\
Jason\
Kmart fashion meeting (with Brendan and prod mgr)\
Forked branch from Eddie\
\
Hamid\
Added addl community improvement\
Created user accounts for Greg\
More GSC on staging\
Setup dashboard for Comm on TV\
Meeting with Marlin\
Create ticket for images not showing in articles\
Checking with Jenny on Kmart fashion cron\
\
Brendan\
Meeting today on cookie cutter]\
Work with Jenny on cron\
Gamification brain storm\
Communities Homepage redesign\
}