{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14580\viewh15840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Brendan - 
\b0 Meeting with Kathryn regarding new RFP = meetings from noon - 2 regarding other projects in pipeline.
\b \
\
Sean - 
\b0 Got setup on GitHub, sparkleshare, went over PRDs and ilikebeer docs. Talked with Carl and Tim on how the site is setup. Start putting test cases to test functionality into an excel file. To work with Harry on clarifications on PRDs and requirements.
\b \
\
Jason - 
\b0 Chatted with Eddie to get plugins pushed. Jason shadowed Eddie to learn. Faster just to do it, and have Jason shadow. \
TIm (Eddie does widget and teach Jason along the way as to how its done). Paired programming - Knowledge transfer is necessary. Content list and manual list - on track to be completed to be. Should be done today once Eddie arrives. Jason was working on pagination and infinite scrolling . Issues with Wordpress on process. Once completed, Jason will be done and needs to be delegated. 
\b \
\
Sebastian - 
\b0 working on templates for singles. continue to work on that for today. q/a - waiting on mysql instances. he opened liras. richard byrd said he'll get that done today. once setup, we'll have q/a. date for content drawdown for flagging - Sebastian to get back to Brendan tomorrow morning. Brendan received note from Chris regarding PartsDirect development timeline to get to Christina Zhong. Sebastian to talk to Pat about Ruben issue. Brendan to respond to Chris and cc sebastian 
\b \
\
Carl - 
\b0 worked with Dan talked through several issues regarding profile. Identified functionality issues and fixed. Discussed changes with Shafeeg. Created HTML and CSS for Recent Actvity on profile page and create it at the same time so it can be used for widget so that it can be same html/css. Today will work on completing it and move on to threaded discussion that is shown on other parts of the profile page that will lead to threaded discussions shown on other parts on the site. 
\b \
\
Tim - 
\b0 Fixed persistent header and setup removing modal over from Kenmore with integration - still working on getting it setup. lazy loader was built a couple of years ago that should be able to pull scripts instead of pulling master scripts and other scripts for possible other scripts in the future. Tested out with modal. Post a question stuff is done already, so modal stuff needs work. To link up with Dan to get widget working. Form is done, but needs work to submit to login.
\b \
\
Dan - 
\b0 worked with Carl
\b  
\b0 going over profile page, and reviewing date. Spending rest of the day doing backend getting template setup because there are 3 different instances of the profile. figured out conditions and getting the data. today he will work on it and get data / conditions. open ID SSO login to cast server - received response back from profile team with issue - regular login process does HTTP GET and need to update it to get it to work to POST. Might have to use CURL to get it to work and research further. breakout profile pages needs to be done. Dan uncertain on some of the aspects. 
\b \
\
Eddie - 
\b0 Tuesday big snag with SectionFronts + DropZones plugin. Fixed issue. Sidetracked from results list. Work on that today and prepare for hand-off. Did changes to sections front class/theme -> plugin. If not completed, then will work on transitioning work over. Work on recent activity instead of results lists. Eddie to do manual list, and will pull Jason over for assistance. Connect with Sebastian and Jason for brief overview and handoff. 
\i *Content blurb was done by Eddie.
\i0  
\b \
\
Hamid -
\b0  BU from toys - Birthday club - bugs found related to wordpress issue from kathryn - they want to move to WCS - brendan to connect with Kathryn - hamid wrote up directions for submitting Jiras to team - jason did estimation for jake's party package that birthday club wants - estimation = 8 hours - kathryn wants to have HTML review for birthday club / ODL with the team once the work is done. Reason not specified - No time to do it at the moment, but Hamid will check with Patrick (Kathryn's boss) about it. Brendan to talk to her about it. Disney party packages launching Tuesday 31st. ODL will be launched 21st of August. They are not aware of that. Communicate update to them that it will be a code push. Hamid and Brendan to chat with Kathryn. Design for ad manuals on 5th iteration on communities. Ad manuals extracted from ML. Instead of doing real migration. We need process, but not necessarily design. We are going to need something to develop training material. 
\b  \
\
Harry - 
\b0 Went to Hoffman yesterday. Looking for assist in work. Give access card. Brendan to evaluation and provide to Harry. \
\

\b Shafeeg - 
\b0 Work with Carl and Dan on breaking out profile into smaller chunks. Figure out realistc expectations. Brendan will get me access to Mingle. Use LANID for Jira / Wiki. Meet with Hamid to map all things to Mingle tasks or user stories. Get super}