{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11600\viewh11800\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Yesterday
\b0\fs22 \

\b\fs24 \

\b0\fs22 Work on and documented an abuse issue with Communities to block user, set post to draft, and unapprove comments. Try to get IP address of user.
\b \

\b0 10:30 a.m. meeting regarding Polls. 
\b \

\b0 Work on weekly progress report that needs to be sent to the client.\
Follow up with Sean on getting all the latest tags for a production push early this afternoon.\
Front end stories for Polls. Estimates due by EOB Thursday (If Iga gets creative done by 11/01 a.m. hours). If not, then by EOB Friday. Backend Poll estimates will be due by EOB friday.\
302 Temporary redirect.\
Work on reviewing alternate email providers suggested by Casey (other than Responsys).\
Create and document client development process going forward (due EOB Friday).\
Followed up with ESOC for updating TTLs to 300 DNS changes for MySears and MyKmart.
\fs24 \
\

\b Today
\b0 \

\b\fs22 \

\b0 Work on reviewing the updated Creative for Polls sent late last night.\
Work on breaking down front end for Polls and create user stories.\
I need estimates by the end of the day so that I can get a hard date to the client by tomorrow.  \
We still need to figure out what this 302 Redirect bot is doing.\
Continue researching alternate email options suggested by the client.\
Work on documentation for the client on the development process.\
Follow up with ViewPoints if they have the IP address for the migration so I can submit it in the Jira, and double-check TTLs are being set as 300.\
Schedule meetings for profile integration on ratings and reviews.
\b \
\
Dan
\b0  - Meet the Team Last Posted bug (pushed to prod) | Block user comments | 302 Redirect | Do some SQL stuff for screen name updates. Recent Activity bugs. Jira work. Code review with Brendan for cron.\
\

\b Hamid
\b0  - Polls meeting | Work with Frank | User Stories for Polls | \
\

\b Sean
\b0  - Late\
\

\b Carl
\b0  - Polls meeting | Header/Footer meeting | meeting with Tim | Work on Jira tickets | Polls \
\

\b Eddie
\b0  -  Polls meeting | Read Omniture documentation | Git flow | Figuring new estimates | More Gitflow and Jira\
\

\b Kristin
\b0  - Regression testing | Found issues with Recent Activities feed\
\

\b Tim
\b0  - Poll meeting | Omniture documentaiton | Get Estimates for Polls | Omniture\
\

\b Jason
\b0  - Changes for BDC and Kmart fashion | Today loose end for BDC and tickets\
\

\b Brendan
\b0  - \
\

\b Sebastian 
\b0 -
\b  
\b0 Finished App development with Brendan > More App development > Server work | Pagination in comments \
\
}