{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh13480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Hamid:
\b0 \
-R&R meeting and descoping of requirements\
-Regression testing on Email Confirmation bug\
-Shifi and i played with Worklenz on adding resources and everyone seems to be on the project\
-Added new moderator on to communities\
-Talked with DAN regarding 'screen name' and if we can add it onto user profile on Wp so we can create screen names for LDAP users in the future to avoid inconsistencies \
\

\b Brendan:
\b0 \
-Kmart Garden Shop estimate\
-Craftsman went to a different team because of political reasons\
-Re-estimated for R&R at 1200hours and cleaned up the PRD with the misconceptions that we had\
-Researched on 'LESS'\
-'M layer' for Communities work on its way\
\

\b Sebastian:
\b0 \
-Gear\
-Worked on 'Harvest stall style'\
-Today meeting with ZFrazier to categories work on Gear\
-Got uxint back up\
\

\b Sean
\b0 \
-Tested CARL'S front end styling for the polls\
-Tesed spaces for registration\
-Tested spaces added onto a question bug, still happening although this is a lower priority\
-Dan's html fix went out to remove html completely onto comments/reply/answer\
-Met up with PHIL,CARL and EDDIE regarding the following: \
 +Truncation which we narrowed it down to be consistent across the site\
 +Explained to PHIL about polls adding up to 100%\
 +Sharing images PHIL had agreed to use the functionality/widgets we currently have\
 +Expanding text field and that it will require more effort\
\

\b Jason
\b0 :\
Worked on 'Summary list widget' and will work on that today\
\

\b Dan:
\b0 \
-Html for comment pushed and tested\
-Worked on the Cron for product update for Gear\
-Discussed with HAMID on adding a new field for screen name on Wp backed for users so we don't have to go to database to change their screen names in the future\
\

\b Tim:
\b0 \
-Continued worked on polls and hopefully finish that off today\
-Omniture is working but we sending out the call twice so will look into that today\
\

\b Eddie:
\b0 \
-R&R meeting \
-Meeting with PHIL,SEAN and CARL\
-Today figure out Omniture and why its sending the call out twice and breakdown the requirements for R&R.\
\

\b Shafeeg:WFH
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs28 \cf0 -Ratings and Reviews Re-Estimate\
-Jira cleanup / Regression Testing ("Email does not match" bug, Polls cosmetic changes)\
-Client Weekly Report\
-Met with Phil on Email Providers\
Today:\
-Check on production push / regression\
-Finish client weekly report\
-Start creating screening questions for email providers\
-Follow up with ViewPoints on redirection issues\
\

\b Carl: WFH
\b0 \
-R&R meeting with the team\
-Meeting with SEAN, EDDIE and PHIL\
-Coordinate with sean so that the proper html is pushed out for polls\
-Expert profile-missed placed question mark is still an issue (will look into it)\
-Worked on header and footer and more of that today\
\

\f0\fs24 \
}