{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10580\viewh11100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Hamid:
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 -Finished reading off the SOW for Garden shop\
-Wasted the rest of my day connecting with people\
-Reviewed the garden shop wires\

\b \
Jason:\

\b0 FA Lite plugin yesterday and more of that today to make it easily content manageable.
\b \
\
Sean:\

\b0 -Meeting with Brendan and Eddie for Communities Demo\
-Went through resolved Jiras and some of them still have issues\
-Roll back Addthis for Facebook
\b \
\
Carl:\

\b0 -Interview yesterday\
-Mongo research, build the database for global navigation.\
-Talked to Brendan about scope changes for header and footer\
-Met with J.Meeks about header and footer\
-Move Addthis to 3.4 and see if that fixes the issue
\b \
\
Tim:\

\b0 -Interview in the morning\
-Continue breaking down the SHC-JSL stories for Hamid\
-Today, meeting about Communities Grid with Lisa for Garden Shop
\b \
\
Eddie:\

\b0 -A lot of meetings yesterday\
-Had and interview\
-Today, meeting about Product taxonomy for Reviews in Communities\

\b \
\
Dan:\

\b0 -Continued work on Cron for SHC-Product and more of the something today}