{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh14040\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Jason: 
\b0 \
-Worked on the products plugin and more of that today\
\

\b Sean:
\b0 \
-Pain points meeting\
-Smoke test on safari and IE8 and 9\
\

\b Tim:
\b0 \
-4d branding meeting\
-Pain points meeting\
-Finished off weather widget for and menu widget for GSC. It is on grassy knoll\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 -Today more of GSC iteration 3\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Dan: 
\b0 \
-Worked with carl on profile for R&R cacheing\
-worked on solution for pagination and cacheing.\
-Today, work on the cacheing thing and updater for sears taxonomy\
\

\b Sebastian:\

\b0 -Worked on change request for 4DFY after the release \
-Start work on Marketplace if the servers are setup by Patton\
\

\b Carl:
\b0 \
-Cacheing strategies for R&R\
-90% of profile done and will push that up today\
-Walk Dan on what profile stuff for R&R\
-Check in meeting with Niccole, Lisa and Marlin regarding Chronometer\
\

\b Hamid:
\b0 \
-Worked on mingle charts and updating releases and card points\
-Did some testing on the site\
-Fixed a few issues on admin backend (categorizing images)\
-Today have meeting with frank and phil about ODS migration\
\

\b Eddie
\b0  :\
-Worked on rewrite rules\
-Had the Pain points meeting friday \
-Today, talk to Matt about post formats and integrate templates that we have ready\
\

\b Shafeeg:
\b0 \
-Provide document on when we will deliver work for the different projects\
-Do health check  on all the projects}